PREVIOUSLY ON "THE HAVES
AND THE HAVE NOTS"...
I SAW THE PREGNANCY TEST
IN THE BATHROOM.
I KNOW WHAT'S COMING
AND I'M WILLING TO PAY
FOR THE PROCEDURE.
WHEN I GOT IN THE SAME CAR,
I GOT PULLED OVER AND SAW
THE OTHER $50,000 IN A BAG.
IT WAS TAN,
LIKE A MAN'S BAG.
HAD LEATHER STRAPS ON IT.
NOW, JIM WAS HAVING AN AFFAIR
WITH CANDACE YOUNG.
SHE WAS BLACKMAILING HIM
FOR $100,000 AND A CAR.
YOU DELIVERED THAT CAR
WITH TWO KILOS OF COCAINE IN IT.
WHO TOLD YOU?
YOU JUST DID.
WELL?
YES, I LIED.
WELL, I KNOW THAT.
I'M SORRY.
BABY.
MNH‐MNH. NO. DON'T.
I AM SORRY.
I WANT HIM
OUT OF JAIL TODAY.
TODAY
MAY NOT BE POSSIBLE.
MAKE IT HAPPEN.
I'LL TRY.
MNH‐MNH.
YOU DON'T TRY.
YOU DO IT.
NOW, YOU KNOW THAT
THIS MAY TAKE SOME TIME.
I DON'T CARE.
LOOK,
I'VE ALREADY ARRANGED
FOR A FEW THINGS
TO GET TAKEN CARE OF.
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR
ABOUT ANY OF THAT.
I DON'T CARE.
I WANT HIM
OUT OF JAIL TODAY.
OKAY.
THANK YOU.
YOU CARE TO KNOW WHY?
YOU WANT TO TALK
ABOUT THIS?
TALK ABOUT WHAT?
TALK ABOUT THE FACT
THAT THE MAN THAT I LOVE...
THE MAN THAT I HAVE
A CHILD WITH...
HAVE BEEN THROUGH
SO MANY UPS AND DOWNS WITH...
THE MAN THAT'S
BEEN BY MY SIDE...
FOR 25 YEARS...
IS A GRACEFUL LIAR.
SWEETHEART.
Shh.
I WOULD HAVE
RATHER COME HOME...
TO FIND YOU IN BED
WITH ANOTHER WOMAN.
AN AFFAIR.
AN AFFAIR...
I COULD TOUCH,
I COULD FEEL.
IT'S TANGIBLE.
BUT A LIE,
IT'S INVISIBLE.
IT'S DEADLY.
IT KILLS HOPE AND TRUST.
AND THE FACT THAT A LIE
CAN ROLL OFF OF YOUR LIPS
SO EASILY, SO GRACEFULLY,
MAKES ME WONDER IF ANYTHING
YOU EVER SAID TO ME
WAS TRUE.
DAVID, I ASKED YOU
A DIRECT QUESTION.
AND YOU LOOKED AT ME...
AND YOU LIED...
GRACEFULLY.
I CAN FORGIVE
A LOT OF THINGS...
BUT A LIE,
I CANNOT SUFFER.
A LIE CAN ROLL OFF
OF YOUR LIPS
AS EASILY
AS "I LOVE YOU" CAN.
AND I WILL FOREVER WONDER
IF WHAT YOU'RE SAYING TO ME
IS THE TRUTH...
OR IS IT A LIE?
BABY...
I DO LOVE YOU.
AND I AM TRULY SORRY.
[ SIGHS ]
THAT WAS GRACEFUL.
BUT IS IT A LIE?
‐‐Captions by VITAC‐‐
www.vitac.com
CAPTIONS PAID FOR BY
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS
[ INSECTS CHIRPING ]
[ DOOR OPENS ]
WHAT IS IT?
HOW CAN YOU STAY IN BED
ALL DAY AND ALL NIGHT?
I WANTED TO SEE
WHAT IT FEELS LIKE TO BE YOU.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
YOU'RE BLONDE, DARLING,
BUT YOU'RE NOT SLOW.
WE NEED TO TALK.
UNLESS YOU'RE TELLING ME THAT
YOU'RE GONNA BE HIT BY A BUS
IN THE NEXT FEW MINUTES,
WE HAVE NOTHING TO TALK ABOUT.
CAN YOU DROP THE SARCASM
FOR ONE MINUTE?
WE NEED TO TALK.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
YOU NEED TO HAVE
A CONVERSATION WITH AMANDA.
I'M NOT READY
TO TALK TO HER RIGHT NOW.
WHY?
BECAUSE I'M NOT.
KATHERYN, I DIDN'T COME IN HERE
TO ARGUE WITH YOU.
THEN WHY ARE YOU
IN MY PRESENCE?
THE VERY SIGHT OF YOU
MAKES ME WANT TO ARGUE.
BECAUSE YOUR DAUGHTER
NEEDS YOU.
AND I HAVE NEEDS, TOO.
HOW CAN YOU BE
SO UNBELIEVABLY SELFISH?
THAT HAD TO HURT
FALLING FROM YOUR LIPS.
OHH.
CONSIDERING YOU ARE THE MOST
SELFISH, SELF‐CENTERED BASTARD
I HAVE EVER HAD
THE DISPLEASURE OF KNOWING.
YOUR DAUGHTER IS FALLING APART
RIGHT NOW IN THE OTHER ROOM
BECAUSE SHE IS WAITING TO HEAR
WHAT YOU ARE THINKING.
SHE IS GOING TO HAVE TO WAIT
JUST A LITTLE BIT LONGER.
OH, THAT IS SO YOU.
YES...
AND THAT IS SO YOU.
WHAT DOES THAT EVEN MEAN?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
WHAT IS SO ME?
YOU COME RUNNING TO ME
WITH HELP WITH THE KIDS
WHEN YOU'RE SCARED...
WHEN YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO DO OR WHAT TO SAY.
REALLY?
YES.
I COME RUNNING TO YOU?
YOU LEAVE THEM IN SHAMBLES,
AND YOU WAIT FOR ME
TO PICK UP THE PIECES.
WELL, JIM, RIGHT NOW,
I DON'T HAVE THE STRENGTH
TO PICK UP THE PIECES
FOR ANYONE ELSE BUT MYSELF.
WELL, YOU BETTER FIND
THE DAMN STRENGTH
TO PICK UP THE PIECES
FOR SOMEONE OTHER THAN YOURSELF.
AND YOU BETTER DO IT
RIGHT NOW
BECAUSE YOUR DAUGHTER
NEEDS YOU RIGHT NOW.
GET OUT OF BED
AND GO TALK TO YOUR DAUGHTER.
YOU DON'T GET IT.
WHAT?
I DON'T GET WHAT?
THIS IS YOUR FAULT.
MY FAULT?
YES.
YOU ARE SOME PIECE OF WORK,
YOU KNOW THAT?
NO, I'M TELLING YOU
THE TRUTH.
SO MY DAUGHTER,
SOMEONE THAT I LOVE
MORE THAN I LOVE LIFE ITSELF,
TRIES TO KILL HERSELF,
AND SOMEHOW
THAT IS MY FAULT?
MY LITTLE GIRL,
MY DAUGHTER.
HOW IS THAT, KATHERYN?
HOW IS IT?
BECAUSE SEVEN
IS SOMEONE'S DAUGHTER.
OH, COME ON!
AND EIGHT...
REALLY?
...AND NINE.
WE'RE GONNA TALK
ABOUT THIS AGAIN?
THE WAY YOU TREAT
THESE GIRLS, JIM ‐‐
THE INS AND THE OUTS,
THE AFFAIRS,
THE DISRESPECT FOR WOMEN ‐‐
[ SCOFFS ]
...IT'S ALL COMING BACK TO HAUNT
YOU IN YOUR DAUGHTER'S BEDROOM.
YOU'RE DELUSIONAL.
I'M DELUSIONAL?
YES, YOU'RE DELUSIONAL.
YOU DON'T REALIZE IT?
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
EVERYTHING THAT
YOU ARE DOING OUT THERE
IS COMING BACK TO YOU
THROUGH YOUR DAUGHTER,
THROUGH OUR CHILDREN.
AND JUST WHAT THE HELL
DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?
THE VIRGIN MOTHER?
YOU THINK
YOU HAVEN'T SINNED?
YOU HONESTLY CAN LAY HERE
IN THIS BED DAY IN AND DAY OUT
AND TELL ME
YOU HAVEN'T DONE ANYTHING
TO BRING ANY OF THIS
UPON OUR HOUSEHOLD?
NO, I HAVE DONE NOTHING.
REALLY?
I HAVE DONE NOTHING
BUT LOVE YOU.
OH!
I'VE TRIED
TO BE A GOOD WIFE.
I TRIED
TO STAND BY YOUR SIDE.
OH, GEEZ.
BUT NO.
I'M SORRY.
I WASN'T GOOD ENOUGH
FOR JAMES CRYER.
OH, MY GOODNESS.
IT'S TIME FOR A PITY PARTY.
LET ME GET MY HAT.
NO, NOT PITY.
THIS IS A PARTY!
I KNOW YOU MARRIED ME
FOR MY NAME
AND MY FAMILY'S GOOD STANDING.
OH, I KNOW IT.
AND I KNOW YOU'RE STILL WITH ME,
JUST RIDING THAT NAME.
[ SOBS ]
I KNEW IT THEN...
AND I HAVE ENDURED HELL
FROM YOU.
BUT I SWEAR TO YOU,
I WILL NOT LET YOU LEAVE
UNTIL YOU HAVE ENDURED
AS MUCH HELL FROM ME
AS YOU HAVE GIVEN ME.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
I UNDERSTAND
LOUD AND CLEAR.
SO, WHILE YOU ARE SITTING AROUND
IN YOUR BED, HATING ME,
TRYING TO FIGURE OUT A WAY
TO MAKE ME PLAN
MY OWN PERSONAL TRIP TO HELL
WHILE YOUR DAUGHTER
IS SITTING IN THE OTHER ROOM
HURTING HERSELF,
I WANT YOU TO REMEMBER
ONE THING ‐‐
SHE IS OUR DAUGHTER.
SHE NEEDS YOU.
SO, WHEN YOU COME OFF
OF YOUR HIGH HORSE,
PLEASE,
WHEN YOU HAVE A MOMENT,
GO IN THERE
AND HUG YOUR DAUGHTER.
GET OUT OF MY ROOM!
LOVE TO.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ GROANS SOFTLY ]
HI.
YOU WANTED TO SEE ME?
YES. I DIDN'T WANT TO HAVE THIS
CONVERSATION OVER THE PHONE.
WHAT IS IT?
YOU SHOULD OPEN DISCOVERY
ON THE YOUNG CASE.
I ALREADY DID THAT.
HAVE YOU RECEIVED IT ALL
FROM THE D. A.?
YES.
HOW DOES THAT CASE LOOK?
LIKE HE WAS FRAMED.
LIKE THE "MONA LISA."
IT'S ALL PERFECT.
YOU SHOULD OPEN DISCOVERY.
I JUST SAID
I ALREADY DID THAT.
PERSONALLY EXAMINE
ALL OF THE EVIDENCE.
IF I EXAMINE
ALL OF THIS EVIDENCE
AND I FIND
THERE ARE OTHERS INVOLVED,
SHOULD I TURN MY BACK?
NO, DON'T TURN YOUR BACK.
JUST LOOK THE OTHER WAY.
HMM. LOOK THE OTHER WAY?
YES.
AND WHEN I TURN
IN THAT DIRECTION,
WOULD I FIND YOU AND JIM?
EXAMINE THE EVIDENCE
AND LOOK THE OTHER WAY.
WHAT YOU ARE ASKING ME TO DO
IS BEYOND UNETHICAL.
NO, I AM ASKING YOU
AS YOUR HUSBAND,
PLEASE, FOR THE SAKE
OF THE STATE,
EXAMINE THE EVIDENCE
AND LET THIS BE A BYGONE.
ALL RIGHT.
I WILL EVALUATE
THE EVIDENCE.
AND?
AND I WILL LET YOU KNOW
WHAT MY NEXT MOVE IS.
SWEETHEART...
I LOVE YOU
MORE THAN YOU KNOW,
AND I AM SINCERELY SORRY.
I'LL SEE YOU AT HOME.
YOU LOOK BETTER.
I FEEL BETTER.
GOOD.
HANNA, I'M NEVER GOING TO
BE ABLE TO REPAY YOU.
MM.
YOU DON'T OWE ME NOTHING.
YEAH, I DO.
NO, YOU DON'T.
YOU CAME IN HERE
AND TOOK CARE OF ME
LIKE I WAS YOUR VERY OWN.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH.
YEAH, I'M FINE.
MRS. CRYER,
I NEED TO TELL YOU SOMETHING.
WHAT IS IT?
WHEN I STARTED WORKING HERE,
AND THE DAY THAT GIRL,
CANDACE...
NINE.
...SHOWED UP...
I'M SORRY?
NINE.
I CALL HER NINE.
GO ON.
WELL, I DIDN'T KNOW HOW
TO TELL YOU
BECAUSE I DIDN'T WANT TO
LOSE MY JOB...
...BUT CANDACE
IS MY DAUGHTER.
NINE IS YOUR DAUGHTER?
WHAT?
NEVER MIND.
SHE'S YOUR DAUGHTER?
YEAH.
I WAS SO EMBARRASSED
WHEN I FIRST SAW HER.
[ SIGHING ]
SHE'S BECOME
SUCH AN AWFUL PERSON.
AND THEN SHE WAS
WITH AMANDA,
AND ‐‐ AND SHE WAS TELLING
ALL THOSE LIES ABOUT ME,
SAYING I WAS DEAD.
I AM SO SORRY.
I'VE DONE MY BEST
WITH HER.
SHE JUST WON'T DO
THE RIGHT THING.
PLEASE TRY NOT TO BE
TOO MAD WITH ME.
YOU SPILLED A DRINK ON HER.
[ SCOFFS ]
IT WAS ALL I COULD DO NOT TO
GET MY HANDS AROUND HER THROAT.
YOU SHOULD HAVE TOLD ME.
WELL, I WANTED TO.
AND I KNOW SHE WAS
JUST LOOKING OUT FOR ME,
BUT CELINE SAID NOT TO.
FOUR.
WHAT?
FOUR SAID NOT TO.
CELINE?
YES.
THE SAME CELINE THAT WAS
SLEEPING WITH MY HUSBAND.
WHAT?
YES, SHE WAS.
AND SHE'S STILL
WORKING HERE?
YES.
THEY THINK I DON'T KNOW.
MRS. CRYER.
YES?
WHY WOULD YOU LET HER
STAY HERE IN YOUR HOUSE?
BECAUSE I'M ENJOYING IT.
I'M ENJOYING
WATCHING HER SUFFER.
JIM DOESN'T GIVE HER
A SECOND GLANCE.
SHE'S SO UPSET ABOUT IT.
SHE'S NOT YOUNG ANYMORE.
I ENJOY WATCHING HER GET OLD
AND BE MISERABLE.
JIM WON'T EVEN LOOK AT HER,
AND SHE IS DEVASTATED.
OH, I KNOW IT'S WRONG FOR ME
TO FEEL THIS WAY,
BUT THIS IS A GIFT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
HOW MANY WOMEN CAN SAY
THEY GET TO WATCH
THEIR HUSBAND'S MISTRESSES
GO THROUGH HELL?
MM.
SOME OF WHAT YOU'RE SAYING
MAKES SENSE.
BUT AIN'T NO WAY
IN THE WORLD
I WOULD ALLOW MY HUSBAND'S WHORE
TO BE IN MY HOUSE.
WELL...
HE TRIED TO GET RID OF HER.
BUT I WANT HIM
TO SEE HIS MISTAKE
EVERY TIME HE WALKS
THROUGH THAT DOOR.
SEE,
NOW I UNDERSTAND IT ALL.
I BET YOU DO.
AND I DO, TOO.
SOME THINK SEVEN ROUNDS
OF CANCER
WILL MAKE YOU RETHINK
YOUR LIFE.
WHAT HAVE YOU BEEN
RETHINKING?
MISTAKES.
I WANT DO‐OVERS.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
I WAS 20 YESTERDAY.
YOU BEEN SMOKING
MORE WEED?
[ CHUCKLES ]
NOW, LISTEN TO ME.
I WAS 20 YESTERDAY, HANNA.
I WAS YOUNG.
I WAS HAPPY.
WHERE'D THE TIME GO, HMM?
LIFE.
I RESENT JIM SO MUCH.
HE STOLE IT FROM ME.
STOLE WHAT?
HE STOLE MY YOUTH...
PRETENDING TO LOVE ME.
I LOVED HIM...
ADORED HIM.
I DOTED ON HIM.
I GAVE HIM EVERYTHING.
I WENT TO BAT WITH MY FATHER
OVER HIM.
THERE IS NOTHING SADDER
THAN BEING IN YOUR 50s
AND REALIZING THE MAN
THAT YOU LOVED AND ADORED
WAS A THIEF
TO STEAL YOUR YOUTH.
AND WHEN YOU GET OLD...
[ SNIFFLES ]
...HE WOULD TRADE YOU
IN FOR SOMEONE ELSE.
SO...
[ LAUGHS ]
[ SNIFFLES ]
...NINE IS YOUR DAUGHTER?
WHAT IS THIS
"NINE" BUSINESS?
SHE'S SLEEPING
WITH MY HUSBAND.
WHO ‐‐ WHAT?
YES.
CLOSE YOUR MOUTH, HANNA.
[ SIGHS ]
[ SNIFFLES ]
I'M SO SORRY.
I DON'T KNOW
WHY YOU'RE UPSET.
I...
[ STUTTERS ]
HOW CAN YOU BE SO CALM?
BECAUSE I INTEND
TO LIVE LONG ENOUGH
TO SEE THAT
THAT SON OF A BITCH PAYS.
AND DON'T LOOK AT ME
LIKE THAT.
I MET HIS MOTHER.
SHE IS A BITCH.
TEA?
[ SIGHS ]
[ GASPS ]
WHAT ARE YOU ‐‐ NO.
I WANT TO SPEAK ‐‐
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I WANT TO SPEAK
TO WYATT.
NO, NO. I'M SORRY.
I WANT TO SPEAK TO HIM
NOW!
HE CAN'T.
HE CANNOT HAVE THIS ‐‐
I WANT TO SPEAK TO HIM
NOW.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
HERE?
I DID NOT DESERVE
THAT MESSAGE
THAT YOU LEFT
ON MY PHONE.
THAT WAS SO CRUEL.
GET OUT OF HERE.
YEAH. YOU HEARD HIM.
GET OUT.
WHY ARE YOU TREATING ME
THIS WAY?
WHY AM I TREATING YOU
WHY ARE YOU TREATING ME
THIS WAY?
I DID NOTHING TO YOU,
LAURA.
WELL, I DID NOTHING TO YOU.
WHAT?
YOU STOOD ME UP.
YOU WON'T RETURN MY CALLS.
AM I RIGHT?
YES.
AND YOU TOLD ME
YOU WEREN'T SEEING ANYONE.
I'M NOT.
YES, YOU ARE.
NO, I'M NOT.
YOU'RE SEEING BRADLEY.
YOU'RE LYING TO ME.
JEFFREY SAW YOU.
TELL HER, JEFFREY.
I'M SORRY.
WHAT IS HE SAYING TO ME?
TELL HER, JEFFREY.
YES, I‐I SAW YOU WITH HIM,
AND I‐I TOLD WYATT.
WHAT ARE YOU ‐‐
WHAT ARE YOU EVEN TALKING ABOUT?
BRADLEY HAS BEEN IN MAINE
WITH HIS FATHER.
HE'S BEEN THERE FOR YEARS.
WHAT?
YEAH.
HE LEFT OUR JUNIOR YEAR
IN HIGH SCHOOL.
I HAVEN'T SPOKEN
TO HIM SINCE.
OKAY, UM...
YOU KNOW WHAT?
JUST ‐‐ JUST LEAVE, LAURA.
IT'S TIME FOR YOU TO LEAVE.
HE'S ‐‐
HE'S LYING TO YOU.
HE LIED TO YOU.
NO. NO.
YEAH, YOU DID.
NO.
HE TOLD ME NOT TO CALL YOU,
AND THAT HE WAS
GONNA TELL YOU
THAT I COULDN'T MAKE IT
FOR DINNER.
W‐W‐WHY ARE YOU
SAYING THAT?
ARE YOU TRYING TO MAKE ME
LOOK LIKE THE LIAR?
WYATT, LISTEN TO ME.
HE IS LYING TO YOU.
[ Voice breaking ]
HE TOLD ME THAT I'M BAD FOR YOU
AND THAT I SHOULDN'T SEE YOU
FOR A WHOLE YEAR.
HE'S TOLD ME TO IGNORE YOU.
ARE YOU REALLY GONNA
LIE LIKE THIS?
WYATT, YOU KNOW ME.
YOU KNOW I WOULDN'T DO ‐‐
YOU KNOW HOW MUCH I...
YOU ‐‐
I WOULDN'T DO THAT.
LISTEN TO ME.
YOU KNOW ME. YOU KNOW ME.
HE'S LYING TO YOU.
YOU NEED TO LEAVE,
ALL RIGHT?
I TOLD YOU
HE CAN'T HAVE VISITORS.
I ONLY HOPE
THIS DOESN'T SET HIM BACK.
IF HE DOESN'T GET
ANY BETTER,
JUST KNOW THAT THIS IS
ALL YOUR FAULT.
IS MY FAULT?
MY FAULT?
I DIDN'T COME IN HERE
LIKE AN ENRAGED LUNATIC.
YOU DID.
LISTEN, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOUR PROBLEM IS.
YOU KNOW THAT I LOVE HIM,
AND I DON'T KNOW WHY
YOU'RE TRYING TO SABOTAGE THIS,
BUT YOU'RE A MEAN PERSON.
YOU'RE A MEAN, CRUEL PERSON,
AND I DON'T WANT YOU
TO EVER SPEAK TO ME EVER AGAIN.
YOU GOT THAT?
GET IT THROUGH YOUR HEAD.
WHAT'S TAKING HER
SO LONG?
SHE SAID SHE WAS GONNA
MEET WITH THE JUDGE
AND THEN SHE WAS
GONNA MEET US HERE.
COME ON, NOW.
RELAX, BABY.
WHAT IF HE DOESN'T
GIVE HER THE BAIL?
NO, HE WILL.
CALM DOWN.
[ SIGHS ]
ALL RIGHT, LOOK.
IF I GOT TO STAY IN HERE,
THEN ‐‐
DON'T TALK LIKE THAT,
BENNY.
MAMA, LISTEN TO ME ‐‐
NO, I'M NOT
LISTENING TO YOU.
LISTEN TO ME.
HEAR ME, ALL RIGHT?
IF I GOT TO STAY IN
HERE, YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO SELL MY TRUCK.
BENNY.
THE TITLE
IS IN MY BOTTOM DRAWER
ON THE RIGHT‐HAND SIDE
IN MY ROOM.
BENNY, I WILL NOT BE
SELLING YOUR TRUCK
BECAUSE YOU'RE GONNA
GET OUT OF HERE.
[ SIGHS ]
I HOPE YOU'RE RIGHT.
I AM RIGHT.
WHAT HAPPENED?
YOU ARE GOING HOME.
OH, GOD.
REALLY?
I AM?
YES.
WHEN?
RIGHT NOW.
OH, MY GOD.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, MS. VERONICA.
NO NEED TO THANK ME.
YES, THERE IS.
SO, I'M GOING HOME?
YES!
UNLESS
YOU WANT TO STAY HERE.
HELL, NO.
NO. [ LAUGHS ]
NOW, IS THIS BAIL?
NO.
ALL CHARGES
HAVE BEEN DROPPED.
WHAT?
APPARENTLY, ALL THE EVIDENCE
WENT MISSING,
SO THE D. A. HAD TO
DROP THE CHARGES.
OH, MY GOD.
THANK YOU, JESUS.
[ LAUGHS ] OH!
SO, COME ON.
LET'S GET YOU HOME.
OFFICER,
OPEN THIS DOOR PLEASE.
THANK YOU.
[ SQUEALS ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
AMANDA, IS THAT YOU?
YEAH.
TALK TO ME.
[ SIGHS ]
HI.
ARE YOU FEELING OKAY?
YES. WHY DO YOU ASK?
I HAVEN'T SEEN YOU
STAYING IN BED THIS LONG
UNLESS YOU WERE SICK.
I'M FINE.
I JUST NEED SOME REST.
I SHOULD BE ASKING YOU,
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
I'M FINE.
NO, YOU'RE NOT.
DAD ALREADY TALKED TO ME
ABOUT THIS.
DID HE, NOW?
MM‐HMM.
AND WHAT DID DADDY SAY?
BECAUSE I'M CLUELESS.
HE WANTS ME
TO SEE A THERAPIST.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
I DON'T NEED A THERAPIST.
YOU NEED SOMETHING IF YOU'RE
GONNA LEARN HOW TO COPE.
SOMETHING LIKE WHAT?
DRUGS?
THAT WOULD BE YOUR BROTHER.
OR MAYBE A WHOLE LOT OF BOURBON
THROUGHOUT THE DAY.
IS THAT A REFERENCE TO ME?
MAYBE.
MY, MY, MY.
LOOK WHO CAME OUT OF
THE HOSPITAL WITH A BACKBONE.
I WAS JUST STATING
THE OBVIOUS.
WHAT'S OBVIOUS TO ME,
AMANDA,
IS THAT YOU'RE IN NEED
OF SOME SERIOUS HELP.
I HAVE HELP.
DO YOU?
YEAH.
FROM WHOM?
CANDACE.
SHE HELPS ME.
DOES SHE, NOW?
YEAH.
SHE HELPS ME A LOT.
I'M SURE SHE DOES.
SHE'S A GOOD FRIEND.
[ SIGHS ]
YEAH.
WE HAVE AN APARTMENT
TOGETHER OFF CAMPUS.
WE'RE ROOMMATES.
THAT SO?
YEAH.
AND I'M GETTING OUT OF HERE.
OH, WHEN?
NOW.
I'M GOING HOME.
NO, YOU'RE NOT.
YES, I AM.
I'M OVER 21.
YOU CAN'T TELL ME
WHAT TO DO ANYMORE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU CAN DO WHATEVER
YOU WANT TO DO.
GOOD, BECAUSE
I'M LEAVING LAW SCHOOL
AND I'M GOING TO DESIGN SCHOOL,
JUST AS I SAID.
OKAY.
OKAY?
THAT'S ALL
YOU'RE GONNA SAY?
YES.
I'M FINE WITH IT.
JUST GO ON
AND LIVE YOUR LIFE.
FINE.
AND, AMANDA, WHILE YOU'RE
LIVING YOUR LIFE WITH NINE...
WHAT? WHAT'S NINE?
IT'S THE NAME I HAVE
FOR YOUR FRIEND ‐‐ NINE.
WHY DO YOU CALL HER THAT?
WHY DON'T YOU ASK HER?
I WILL.
AND WHILE YOU'RE AT IT,
WHY DON'T YOU ASK HER
WHERE SHE CAN GET YOU A JOB...
BECAUSE THE MINUTE
YOU WALK OUT THAT DOOR,
YOU ARE OFFICIALLY CUT OFF.
NOT A DIME OF MY MONEY
WILL FOLLOW YOU.
YOU CAN'T CONTROL ME
WITH MONEY, MOM.
I AM NOT TRYING
TO CONTROL YOU, AMANDA.
I'M TRYING TO HELP YOU.
HELP ME.
HELP ME HOW?
LITTLE GIRL, YOU HAVE NO IDEA
THE DANGER YOU ARE IN.
[ SNIFFS ]
THAT GIRL IS BAD NEWS.
YOU JUST DON'T LIKE HER.
OH...
YOU'RE RIGHT ABOUT THAT.
YOU DON'T KNOW HER.
OH, I KNOW HER
WELL ENOUGH
TO KNOW
THAT SHE IS NOT YOUR FRIEND.
YOU ARE A PAWN,
AND YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW IT.
SO YOU THINK
I'M STUPID, TOO?
NO.
I THINK YOU'RE NAIVE.
THERE'S A DIFFERENCE.
LET ME TELL YOU
HOW SMART I AM.
I KNOW THAT GRANDDAD
LEFT ME A TRUST,
AND I SHOULD HAVE HAD IT
BY NOW.
SO, IF YOU DON'T GIVE IT
TO ME,
I GUESS I'LL JUST HAVE TO
GET IT ANOTHER WAY.
SO, YOU REALLY HAVE BEEN
HANGING OUT WITH THAT GIRL?
MM, MM, MM.
I CAN SEE IT ALL OVER YOU.
I'M NOT AFRAID OF YOU
ANYMORE.
DARLING, YOU DON'T NEED
TO BE AFRAID OF ME.
YOU NEED TO BE WORRIED.
GOODBYE, MOTHER.
Hanna: YOU'RE HOME.
[ LAUGHING ]
MY TV!
OH, MOM, IT FEELS
SO GOOD TO BE HOME.
I BET IT DOES, BABY.
WHOO!
THANK YOU, GOD!
AND THEY DROPPED
THE CHARGES.
OH, BENNY,
WHAT'D I TELL YOU?
AIN'T GOD GOOD?
GOD IS GREAT.
YES, HE IS.
OH, I'M GOING TO MAKE
ALL YOUR FAVORITES TONIGHT.
THANK YOU.
I'M STARVING.
OH, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO DO FIRST.
SHOOT, I DO.
AND WHAT'S THAT?
TAKE A LONG SHOWER.
FOR HOW LONG?
LONG ENOUGH
TO GET CLEAN.
OH, NO, SIR.
I DON'T KNOW IF I'M GONNA
LET YOU OUT OF MY SIGHT.
[ LAUGHING ] OH!
MA, SERIOUSLY, COME ON,
I GOT TO TAKE A BATH.
OH! YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
YOU SURE DO. GO ON!
WHAT HAPPENED?
I THOUGHT YOU SAID
YOU MISSED ME.
I DID MISS YOU,
BUT I AIN'T MISS THEM PITS.
[ Laughing ]
GET AWAY FROM ME.
[ LAUGHS ]
WHEW!
RUN TO THE WATER.
BENNY: Hello?
BENNY?
I'M OUT.
[ CHUCKLES ] OH, MY GOD.
THAT IS SO GREAT.
Yeah.
UM...
WHEN CAN I SEE YOU?
YOU CAN COME SEE ME
TOMORROW.
MAMA'S GOING TO MAKE ME
SOME DINNER TONIGHT.
BENNY,
I'M SO GLAD YOU'RE OUT.
I WAS WORRIED SICK.
It's all good.
Don't even worry about it.
DID YOU MAKE BAIL?
NAH, THEY DROPPED
THE CHARGES.
Really?
YEAH.
WHAT HAPPENED?
I DON'T KNOW. I GUESS
THE D. A. LOST THE EVIDENCE
OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
THEY LOST IT?
Yeah.
WOW. OKAY.
WELL, BENNY, THANK YOU
FOR CALLING ME TO TELL ME.
I'M SORRY.
I WOULD HAVE CALLED YOU SOONER,
BUT, YOU KNOW, MAMA WON'T
LET ME OUT OF HER SIGHT NOW.
I UNDERSTAND.
WELL, LOOK, MAMA'S GONNA BE
LOOKING FOR ME ANY MINUTE,
ALL RIGHT,
SO I'LL GIVE YOU A CALL LATER.
ALL RIGHT, LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU MORE, B.
Okay, bye.
BYE.
HEY.
YOU MISSED DINNER.
I'M NOT HUNGRY.
WELL, I‐I LEFT IT
IN THE OVEN FOR YOU.
WHY?
[ CHUCKLES ]
BECAUSE YOU NEED TO EAT.
WHAT I NEED IS TO GET
OUT OF HERE, JEFFREY.
WELL, SOON ENOUGH.
I MEAN,
YOU'RE DOING A LOT BETTER.
I HAVE NOT WANTED TO USE
AS MUCH AS I DO NOW.
WELL, THAT'S NOT GOOD.
WE SHOULD TALK
ABOUT THAT.
JEFFREY,
ARE YOU LYING TO ME?
WHAT? NO.
COME ON, WYATT.
I WOULDN'T DO THAT.
WHY WOULD SHE?
I DON'T KNOW.
DID YOU TALK TO HER?
[ SCOFFS ] NO, WYATT.
BUT LET'S ‐‐
LET'S TALK ABOUT YOUR ‐‐
WELL, YOU SAYING
THAT YOU WANT TO USE.
I MEAN...
LET'S TALK
ABOUT WHERE YOU WENT
WHEN YOU LEFT
THE HOSPITAL.
I JUST...
DID YOU SEE HER?
DID...YOU SEE HER?
YES, I DID, WYATT.
SO YOU LIED TO ME?
YES.
I'M SORRY.
I WAS TRYING TO PROTECT YOU.
DON'T YOU KNOW HOW MUCH
I WANT YOU TO MAKE IT?
WHY?
YOU'RE MY CLOSEST FRIEND,
WYATT.
YOUR CLOSEST...FRIEND?
YES.
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT THE HARDEST PART
ABOUT BEING HERE IS,
JEFFREY?
WHAT'S THAT?
THE LONELINESS.
WELL, YOU HAVE ME.
DO I?
YEAH, WYATT.
DO YOU EVER GET LONELY?
DON'T ‐‐ DON'T WE ALL?
DO YOU EVER
WANT TO SLEEP WITH ME?
WHAT?
W‐WHY ARE YOU
SAYING THAT TO ME, WYATT?
BECAUSE
I WAS HOPING YOU DID.
UH...
WYATT, I, UM...
I DON'T ‐‐
I DON'T ‐‐ I DON'T...
I DON'T ‐‐ I...
DO YOU WANT TO KNOW
THE TRUTH?
HMM?
WHOA.
SORRY. YEAH.
I‐I‐I DO.
JEFFREY...
...I'M IN LOVE WITH YOU.
I DON'T KNOW HOW
TO SAY IT.
AH.
WYATT, UM...
[ SIGHS ]
I WAS HOPING
THAT YOU FELT THE SAME WAY.
I‐I‐I'M SORRY,
I‐I‐I DON'T.
REALLY?
HMM?
IT'S OKAY.
JEFFREY, YOU CAN TELL ME.
JEFFREY?
[ STUTTERS ]
YOU'LL FIND YOUR WAY.
WHY ARE YOU STILL
TOUCHING MY LEG?
I KNOW.
W‐WYATT, I...
DOES THIS MAKE YOU
UNCOMFORTABLE?
HMM?
NO, BUT THIS IS
INAPPROPRIATE.
I‐I ‐‐
WHOA, NO, NO.
A KISS WOULD BE
INAPPROPRIATE.
KISS ME.
[ SIGHS ]
WYATT, I'M NOT GAY.
WHAT'S THAT BULGE?
IT'S OKAY.
I'VE BEEN WATCHING YOU.
I KNOW YOU WANT ME, JEFFREY.
IT'S OKAY.
I DON'T. I DON'T.
YES, YOU DO.
I KNOW YOU DO.
PLEASE...
TAKE YOUR HAND OFF ME.
NO.
WYATT...
WHY DON'T YOU
JUST TELL ME, OKAY?
JUST TELL ME
THAT YOU WANT ME,
AND WE CAN HAVE
EACH OTHER.
JUST TELL ME
THAT YOU'RE GAY.
I CAN'T. I CAN'T.
I CAN'T.
YES, YOU CAN.
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
HEY, HEY.
HELP ME UNDERSTAND,
OKAY?
HELP ME...UNDERSTAND.
MY ‐‐ MY PARENTS...
THEY'RE NOT HERE.
[ SIGHS ]
MY MOM ‐‐
HEY.
SHE'S NOT HERE, EITHER.
JEFFREY, LOOK AT ME.
JUST TELL ME.
YES.
I'M GAY.
IT'S OKAY. RELAX.
IT'S OKAY.
ARE YOU IN LOVE
WITH ME?
[ BREATHES UNEVENLY ]
YES.
I‐I DON'T KNOW
WHEN IT HAPPENED.
I...
I SAW YOU ONE DAY,
AND I JUST LOOKED AT YOU
DIFFERENTLY.
EVERYTHING ‐‐
EVERYTHING CHANGED.
EVERYTHING...
EVERY TIME I'M AROUND YOU
I GET BUTTERFLIES.
MM.
I JUST ‐‐ I JUST...
LIKE NOW?
YES.
SEE, WAS THAT SO HARD?
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ SIGHS ]
NO.
[ SNIFFLES ]
[ SIGHS ]
I FEEL BETTER.
I FEEL ‐‐
I FEEL AFRAID, BUT BETTER.
WHAT ARE YOU AFRAID OF?
THIS IS INAPPROPRIATE.
I'M ‐‐
I'M TRYING TO HELP YOU.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
I'M SO GLAD YOU SAID THAT.
I MEAN,
I‐I THOUGHT THAT YOU WERE.
I MEAN, I FELT
THAT YOU WANTED ME, TOO.
YOU THOUGHT WHAT?
THAT YOU'RE GAY.
I'M NOT.
YOU'RE ‐‐ YOU'RE NOT?
NO.
ARE YOU...BISEXUAL?
I'M ONLY ATTRACTED
TO WOMEN.
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS
TO ME?
I WANTED TO SEE HOW FAR
YOU'D TAKE THIS, JEFFREY.
I WANTED TO SEE
HOW GULLIBLE YOU ARE,
HOW NAIVE YOU ARE.
I'VE BEEN WATCHING YOU
LICKING YOUR LIPS,
THINKING I WAS ASLEEP,
HOPPING IN THE SAME BED
WITH ME.
JEFFREY, YOU WENT TO HER
AND YOU LIED TO HER.
THEN YOU CAME TO ME
AND YOU LIED TO ME.
JEFFREY,
YOU ARE PATHETIC.
NOBODY HAS EVER DONE ANYTHING
LIKE THIS TO ME.
IT'S GET‐EVEN TIME.
CAN'T WAIT
UNTIL YOUR MOTHER FINDS OUT.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WYATT.
PLEASE DON'T.
YOU ARE PATHETIC,
JEFFREY.
WYATT, THIS IS SO WRONG.
GIVE ME YOUR KEYS.
WYATT,
I'M NOT GIVING YOU MY KEYS.
GIVE ME YOUR KEYS.
WHERE ARE YOU GONNA GO?
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
WYATT, PLEASE DON'T DO THIS.
GIVE ME YOUR DAMN KEYS.
PLEASE DON'T DO THIS.
NO, NO, NO. I'M NOT ‐‐
[ GRUNTS ]
WHERE ARE THEY?
GIVE THEM TO ME.
GET AWAY FROM ME, WYATT.
NO, I'M NOT LETTING YOU ‐‐
GIVE ME YOUR KEYS
RIGHT NOW.
WYATT, PLEASE, NO.
I LOVE YOU. PLEASE JUST ‐‐
OKAY, FINE. I'M GONNA
CALL YOUR MOM RIGHT NOW.
NO.
WHERE ARE YOU GONNA GO?
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
COME ON. DON'T.
WYATT. PLEASE.
GIVE ME THE DAMN KEYS.
NO, I'M NOT GIVING YOU ‐‐
JUST TELL ME ‐‐
WYATT, DON'T.
WYATT.
YOU'RE NOT GOING ‐‐
WAIT. WAIT.
WYATT. OKAY.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
COME IN.
THANK YOU.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
FOR WHAT?
HELPING MY BROTHER.
OH.
I DIDN'T HAVE ANYTHING
TO DO WITH THAT.
WELL,
HE'S FREE FOR SOME REASON,
AND I...
I THOUGHT YOU DID.
GLAD HE'S OUT,
BUT IT WASN'T ME.
OKAY.
LISTEN, I'M SO SORRY
FOR ALL OF THIS.
I'M GONNA HONOR YOUR WISHES
AND NEVER BOTHER YOU AGAIN.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
CANDACE, ARE YOU SURE
THAT THAT WOULD BE
HONORING MY WISHES?
WELL, IT DOESN'T MATTER NOW
BECAUSE ‐‐
BECAUSE THEY'RE MY WISHES.
MM.
I MISSED YOU.
JIM.
I DID.
[ SIGHS ]
THERE ARE A LOT OF GIRLS
YOU CAN CALL.
YEAH.
A LOT OF GIRLS I CAN CALL,
BUT NOT ONE OF THEM ‐‐
NOT ONE ‐‐ IS LIKE YOU.
NOT ONE.
SO, WHY DON'T YOU
LOCK THE DOOR?
NO.
NO?
NO, THIS HAS GOTTEN TOO
COMPLICATED AND TOO TENSE.
TOO COMPLICATED?
YES.
NO, NO.
IT'S NOT COMPLICATED.
STOP IT.
IT'S FUN.
JIM.
YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO.
YOU DO.
STOP IT.
STOP.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, STOP?
Candace: JIM ‐‐
I DON'T WANT TO
STOP YOU.
WHAT?
NO.
NEXT ON "THE HAVES
AND THE HAVE NOTS"...
DARLING, YOU CAN'T GET AHEAD
BY GIVING IT.
YOU WANT TO BET?
AS LONG AS YOU'RE BY MY SIDE,
I'LL TELL MY MOTHER.
DOESN'T MATTER, WYATT.
I'M NOT GAY!
SO, THERE'S NO MONEY.
WE'RE DONE?
YOU ARE FREE AND CLEAR.
I KNOW.
WYATT.
I DIDN'T SEE HIM.
KILLED WHO?
I THINK I KILLED HIM.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
MOM, DAD...
I NEED TO
TELL YOU SOMETHING.